fix(rdb): summer cleaning (#5405)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/manage-nodes.mdx

</Message>

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A [PostgreSQL or MySQL Database Instance](/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/create-a-database/) in standalone mode.

1. Click **PostgreSQL and MySQL** under **Databases** on the side menu. A list of your Database Instances displays.
2. Select the geographical region of the Instance you want to manage from the drop-down.
3. Click the name of the Database Instance you want to configure. Your database's **Overview** page displays.
4. Scroll down to the **Node settings** section. Then, click **Activate High Availability**.
5. Review the new estimated cost.
6. Click **Activate**.

    <Message type="note">
      Keep in mind that:
      - Changing the node type performs a rolling upgrade of your Database Instance.
      - During this process, the Database Instance will be unavailable for several seconds.
      - The Instance stays in `Initializing` mode throughout the process and all console actions are unavailable.

>       - If you use local storage the process can take longer than expected, but the unavailability period of the Instance will be short. This means that though the Database Instance mostly remains available during the entire process, bar a few seconds.

Reviewer: Same as above

Author: ```suggestion
      - If you use local storage the process can take longer than expected, but the unavailability period of the Instance will be short. This means that the Database Instance remains mostly available during the entire process, except for a few seconds.
```
